all right here we are busting boxes of
the new prestige what is it called
doesn't like it's like better this is
super box of premium box of premium
boxes oh I got it hey you okay so we're
warring it card card for card yeah yep
package whoa look at this that's pretty
sure that's what they all are yeah well
look this one that's for little box
right you got a little box oh that's
actually sick so what's that this was
actually sweet you don't hear Joe Harris
takes all what how's it that would be
pretty funny we did that with mike scott
last year mike scott takes the whole box
without a lot here comes Mike Scott ones
everything there's much time in this set
now I wasn't saying like I really didn't
want to let Shaun marker Carter just
best card for card remember cousin Kay
pronouns okay so that best card out of
pack for sport backs well I'll just go
right to the best card then I don't know
Otis porter jersey number 75 cards are
currently number Johnson Oh Marcus
autographing hair green well I don't
know he's doing pretty gay 29 let me a
good autograph here this is Ronnie head
it's not that little hood autograph
video that go horse horse crane horse
green is pretty song on a bulls Randy
Foye there's some serial number of stuff
too yeah Rudy Gay's on the 29 Julius
Randle we took that one another you'll
ever see Horace Grant fourth Grand look
that there's no character that is going
to be in this is 0 cal ripken Kyle
rookie you know Kyle using everything
back over to put your body on top nope
there month ok comes right on top
the good ones mama I'm demarcus it
husband who did your hair space Mason
Plumlee Jeremy Lin oh crap 150 points oh
that's so exciting well I lost this one
you know DeRozan four times I good a
bullet to 99 Rudy Bullock autograph wall
Jersey you got calpain bonus shots the
audit of Ray McCallum Reggie Bullock
definitely wins and you're one wears a
super autograph here this is Parker oh
yeah you can find all these pits
available for purchase Oh cavalier car
you gonna leave a silly shameless plug
jordan Crawford autograph yikes there's
like a one-on-one put one along someone
new hood Nik Stauskas am bean so I lost
someone of 99 oh this is Sir Tim
Hardaway alternet let school tomorrow a
junior would you get when old school
autograph Cedric Ceballos I don't know
we're going to look that up Tim Hardaway
versus subjects vows tomorrow it was
more of an all-star in at Tim Hardaway
secondary jr. I'll tomorrow a junior
looking your card Oh who's Elsa yeah but
singers ok guys this has been on fire
that's pretty dull maybe that's not me
that's why it's a car target exclusive
Johan pedini card will buy all of our
crap card they won't know any better
Blake Griffin Oh Wiggins bow that's it
winner winner winner winner there's
other quite as bright as we're talking
about the gun
gonzalo graph has it on James read it
was normally when you battle and someone
else pulled something sick you like crap
there's my box well we are these boxes
oh well we'll be out of band wow that's
pretty cool this puts a lot of pressure
on me doesn't it yeah what are you going
to lose that all right Terry Porter BAM
damn I wish I got a table there's the
Wiggins but Slough that's sick you lost
the weekend without nmb I love sign be
thanks for watching I